hey guys it's AJ again and this is axe
my Alex this is a little different than
I normally do this isn't both someone to
start out to really be a prepping video
but I learned a really neat dessert and
when I first learned it somebody gave it
to me over here we're gonna probably two
years ago and I looked at it I thought
dude that sounds nasty bye see you know
on Facebook the other day and I thought
I want to try that and I had all the
stuff already so I whipped it up and
everybody loves it so now I'm here
constantly is it good yeah I wanna see
how easy this is alex is gonna make it
we have one can of sweetened condensed
milk and yes this is all stuff that we
can get now and this is a quick dessert
but like I said bear with me and I'll
kind of tell you how you can do it our
normal way how do i okay let out the
sweetened condensed milk in a mixing
bowl this is a 1 spoon 1 Bowl project
and Alex what are you going to add to
the sweetened condensed milk orange
clinics were using orange this time
we've already tried while Barry it was
awesome we all like to orange really
well I have a really bad finish with
where's Pixy Stix this is it sometimes
the kids when they go to the store
they'll pick out all the big orange
pixie sticks and bring them home to
mommy mix that really well so it all
looks about the same color that's when
you know it's mixed with forgive me I
know I have it tough every taste I
haven't been on too much lately
actually this last week that was really
a sentimentalist in the week but we had
school start so we have school close to
get ready and trying to get the voices
around here to plan and yeah it looks
pretty good let's show what we got okay
sweetened condensed milk simply mixed
with a pack of cooling and this is
taking longer because I'm trying to
explain and talk as I go I can whip this
up in five minutes we have it in the
fridge it will chill for just a little
bit and then it's ready to go to mixture
after it's well mixed put you're going
to kind of mixed in we're going to kind
of go ahead and mix in 8 ounces of
whipped cream and Alex I'm sure that you
stir that up so it's all we're not the
same color and I'm ready ready to show
you some stuff to show you how we can do
this actually our way I can mixin it did
it takes just a little bit of time to
get it all mixed in well then after he's
done we're done
do I eat it yet no you don't eat you get
I was looking for a minute ago we have a
ready-made
graham cracker crust now you've seen
people save crackers I hope this seems
to make it wherever so usually done
saltines oyster crackers things like
that and there are glass jars and then
use the attachment and they're vacuum
sealer which works really well you can
make your own graham cracker crust it's
very easy graham cracker sugar butter
you're done you can reconstitute
thunder'd powder use your storage layer
burgers and for store sugar
the first ingredient that we used was
sweetened condensed milk house can't
worry about that
kind of hard to do but it's not it if
you use one cup of dried powdered milk
one cup of sugar half a cup of hot water
and a teaspoon of butter powdered blend
it well and blending into bloomers
bastards Bennett we're in that situation
either a hand crank blender or as well
as you can with a whisk which would
throw your arm out but we do what we got
it what else is in this cool light to
powder we can store kool-aid whipped
cream they have these little whipped
cream packets it's dried powder all you
do is add milk so you reconstitute your
dried milk make this your public cream
there's other ways to make whipped cream
egg and I'm going to it looks just about
right
give it one minute and we'll pour it in
I'm going to work on some of the things
that we've set and see how well it works
to see how those things work in this but
like I said I want to get this out and
show you how quick and easy this one was
mine Oh Billy's decided to grow up brats
today so I thought I would whip this up
by the time they're done proving their
brats and eat their rocks and they want
to search until reaching ready to go my
little banner white we've seen like a
minute infomercial ten minutes yep quick
easy and under ten minutes after we turn
the camera off we're gonna hear just
over one I know that give me a minute
now this is orange and I like the
overlay said if you have stored mandarin
oranges it would go really good with the
orange with the berry any kind of berry
would be good this is actually on there
I have a pot I wish I had a hillbilly I
go no I'm just kidding no look I'm a
fingertip this is so good anyway like I
said I just wanted to share this
now we can get these ingredients we
don't have to worry about reconstituting
things and and making it the long way
like I said I will do a year later
showing how I can make this with my with
my perhaps but this was more it's the
end of summer there's a lot family
reunion sweet mix and this is just so
quick and easy and delicious everybody
that's tried this is London so I'm going
to put top on this I will stick it in
the frigerator needs just chill these 30
minutes or so
and like I said I'll be ready to go by
the time we want dessert thank you for
making a new flavor so comments or
questions below I will leave the
ingredients that you need to make this
quick and easy and I will label it quick
and easy then I will also add some of
the recipes that I've found that I'm
going to be trying to reconstitute our
dry preps and make this without sore
about items so thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time bye